Add two links to the footer in @templates/base.html:

- "Terms and Conditions"
- "Privacy Policy"

Both should be plain text links, no special styling needed for now.
Point both to "#" as placeholder hrefs since the pages don't exist yet.

Do not modify anything else on the page.

git commit -m "landing: add terms and privacy links to footer”

Create a "Terms and Conditions" page for Spendly.

1. Add a new route in [@app.py](http://app.py/):
GET /terms → renders templates/terms.html
2. Create templates/terms.html with generic terms and conditions
content appropriate for a personal expense tracking app.
Include sections like: Acceptance of Terms, Use of Service,
User Data, Limitations of Liability, and Changes to Terms.
Extend base.html if it exists, otherwise match the style of
landing.html.
3. In templates/landing.html, update the "Terms and Conditions"
footer link href from "#" to "/terms".

git commit -m "landing: add terms and conditions page and route"

Do the same as you did for the Terms and Conditions page,
but for Privacy Policy.

1. Add a new route in [@app.py](http://app.py/):
GET /privacy → renders templates/privacy.html
2. Create templates/privacy.html with generic privacy policy
content appropriate for a personal expense tracking app.
Include sections like: Data We Collect, How We Use Your Data,
Data Storage, Third Party Services, and Contact Us.
Match the style of terms.html.
3. In @templates/landing.html, update the "Privacy Policy"
4. Make sure the apperance looks like the website's theme
footer link href from "#" to "/privacy".

git commit -m "landing: add privacy policy page and route"

A clean, modern SaaS landing page hero section for a personal finance app called "Spendly," 
on a white background with generous whitespace, centered layout, thin black border frame.

TOP BADGE: Small pill-shaped badge with mint-green background, a small green dot bullet, 
dark green text reading "Free to use · No credit card needed."

DECORATIVE ICON: A tiny black crosshair/plus symbol centered just below the badge.

HEADLINE: Large, bold, rounded geometric sans-serif font, centered, two lines:
Line 1 in black: "Track every rupee."
Line 2 in emerald green: "Know where it goes."

SUBHEADING: Centered gray paragraph text below headline, two lines:
"Spendly helps you log expenses, spot patterns, and stay on budget — 
without the spreadsheet headache."

CTA BUTTONS: Two black rounded-rectangle buttons side by side, white bold text:
"Create free account" and "See how it works."

DASHBOARD PREVIEW: A large light-gray rounded "browser window" card below the buttons, 
with three small traffic-light dots (red, yellow, green) in the top-left corner like a 
Mac app window.

Inside the window, three white rounded stat cards in a row:
1. Label "This month" (gray) — big bold number "₹18,240" — small red text "+12% vs last"
2. Label "Budget left" (gray) — big bold number "₹6,760" — small green text "43% remaining"
3. Label "Transactions" (gray) — big bold number "34" — small gray text "this month"

Below the stat cards, a white rounded panel with three horizontal progress bars 
on light-gray tracks:
- "Food" — orange bar filled to ~80%
- "Travel" — blue bar filled to ~60%
- "Bills" — purple bar filled to ~35%

STYLE: Minimalist fintech/SaaS aesthetic, rounded corners throughout, soft subtle 
drop shadows, plenty of negative space, Indian Rupee (₹) currency formatting, 
high contrast black/white with green as primary accent color and orange/blue/purple 
as secondary data-visualization colors.

I've attached a attach a prompt of the updated Spendly hero section design.

Modify only the hero section in @templates/landing.html and static/css/landing.css
to match this image exactly. Do not touch any other part of the page.

Changes to implement:

- Badge: teal pill with a dot, text "Free to use · No credit card needed"
- Headline: large two-line text, first line dark ("Track every rupee."),
second line teal ("Know where it goes.")
- Subtext: muted gray, two lines, centered
- Two CTA buttons: both solid black with white text, rounded corners
- App preview frame: light warm-gray background, rounded corners,
traffic light dots in top-left, 3 stat cards in a row,
category bar chart below

git commit -m "landing: redesign hero section to match mockup"

Add a modal to @templates/landing.html that opens when the user clicks
"See how it works".

Requirements:

- Clicking "See how it works" opens a modal overlay
- Modal contains an embedded YouTube video (use any placeholder YouTube URL
for now, I will replace it later)
- Video should be playable inside the modal
- Clicking the close button OR clicking outside the modal closes it
- When the modal closes, the video must stop playing (not continue in background)
- No page libraries or dependencies — vanilla JS only, since we are not
using any JS framework in this project

Do not modify any other part of the page.

git commit -m "landing: add youtube modal on see how it works click"